README.md, before:

## Using Natural Language Processing Techniques to Improve Manual Test Case Descriptions

This repository contains the source code of the experiments that we performed for our automated framework to improve the descriptions of new manual test cases. Currently, the framework automatically analyzes test cases written in natural language and provides three improvement recommendations:

* Recommendations to improve the terminology of a new test case description based on existing test case descriptions through language modeling

* Recommendations of potentially missing test steps for a new test case through frequent itemset and association rule mining

* Recommendations of similar test cases that already exist in the test suite through a similarity detection technique that we proposed in a [prior work](http://asgaard.ece.ualberta.ca/papers/preprint/markos_preprint_test_similarity.pdf)

</br>

---


## Structure of directories
 
 The following directories contains the source code of all the approaches that were part of our experiments. 


 - [language-models](/language-models/): contains the notebooks with the source code of our experiments with statistical and neural language models.
 
 - [association-rules](/association-rules/): contains the notebooks with the source code of our experiments with frequent itemset and association rule mining.
 
 - [test-case-similarity](/test-case-similarity/): contains the notebooks with the source code of our experiments with different test case similarity techniques.


---


## Dependencies

The following dependencies are required to run the notebooks on your local machine.

Commit message:

update readme with repo url for previous work

README.md, after:

## Using Natural Language Processing Techniques to Improve Manual Test Case Descriptions

This repository contains the source code of the experiments that we performed for our automated framework to improve the descriptions of new manual test cases. Currently, the framework automatically analyzes test cases written in natural language and provides three improvement recommendations:

* Recommendations to improve the terminology of a new test case description based on existing test case descriptions through language modeling

* Recommendations of potentially missing test steps for a new test case through frequent itemset and association rule mining

* Recommendations of similar test cases that already exist in the test suite through a similarity detection technique that we proposed in a [prior work](http://asgaard.ece.ualberta.ca/papers/preprint/markos_preprint_test_similarity.pdf)

</br>

---


## Structure of directories
 
 The following directories contains the source code of all the approaches that were part of our experiments. 


 - [language-models](/language-models/): contains the notebooks with the source code of our experiments with statistical and neural language models.
 
 - [association-rules](/association-rules/): contains the notebooks with the source code of our experiments with frequent itemset and association rule mining.
 
 
 The notebooks with the source code of our experiments with different test case similarity techniques can be found in the [epository of our previous work](https://github.com/asgaardlab/test-case-similarity-technique)


---


## Dependencies

The following dependencies are required to run the notebooks on your local machine.
